I was born to be strong.
I was raised that way.
My father was a bodybuilder and a fighter.
That's why he named me Hercules.
I was raised in a seaside town in Rio de Janeiro,
where my father had a gym.
From early on, our life was not easy.
My father was very aggressive.
I felt frustrated and angry about the things that I saw happening at home.
The only way I found to let out these feelings was with my fists, my fighting.
I had a lot of anger inside of me.
I felt worthless.
I loved music, especially heavy metal.
So I joined many different bands.
The fans' admiration felt really good
when the show ended, however, I would feel empty.
I kept asking myself,
is this all there is to life?
Is there a purpose in life?
I believed in a creator,
but I didn't trust any religions.
One day, I was speaking to a guitarist.
He was studying what Jehovah's Witnesses
and a subject came up about the soul.
He began to show me in the Bible what the soul really is.
What he showed me really impressed me
because it was irrefutable.
I began to ask him lots of questions.
In time, I myself started studying the Bible.
A little while later, an opportunity arose for us to sign a contract,
something that would affect my whole life.
But I wouldn't be able to serve Jehovah while in an environment that was moral, dirty.
It was then that I decided to leave the band.
But I needed to make big changes.
Leaving the band was just one of them.
I still had a fight against immorality,
my strong personality,
my aggressive nature,
the Colossians 310 assured me
that it was possible to put on a new personality.
With the help and support of my study conductor,
I qualified to be baptized in 1989
and do not regret the decision I chose.
Then in 1992, I met a zealous and dedicated pioneer who became my wife.
His love for Jehovah has helped him become a calmer,
more loving and more caring person.
I joined Adilza and began serving as a pioneer.
In 1998, we were assigned to circuit work.
And from then on, we began to visit congregations around the country.
One of the things we enjoyed this work is being among the brothers.
I still love music,
but I discover that I wouldn't have any purpose in life
if I weren't serving Jehovah wholeheartedly.
I discover that true strength isn't physical,
and that power doesn't come from fame or from being successful.
True strength and power comes from serving Jehovah.